Durable Objects getByName API changelog (#24664)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/changelog/durable-objects/2025-08-21-durable-objects-get-by-name.mdx

---
title: New getByName() API to access Durable Objects
description: Get a Durable Object client with a single line of code.
products:
  - durable-objects
  - workers
date: 2025-08-21
---

> You can now create a client (a [Durable Object stub](/durable-objects/api/stub/)) to a Durable Object with a single line of code. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now create a client (a [Durable Object stub](/durable-objects/api/stub/)) to a Durable Object with the new `getByName` method, removing the need to convert names to IDs and then create a stub.
```

> Users can now create a client (a [Durable Object stub](/durable-objects/api/stub/)) to a Durable Object with a single line of code. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can now create a client (a [Durable Object stub](/durable-objects/api/stub/)) to a Durable Object with a single line of code. 
```

```js
const stub = env.MY_DURABLE_OBJECT.getByName("foo");
// Now the request is sent to the remote Durable Object.
const rpcResponse = await stub.sayHello();

> ```

Reviewer 2: Before vs after?

Each Durable Object has a globally-unique name, which allows you to send requests to a specific object from anywhere in the world. Thus, a Durable Object can be used to coordinate between multiple clients who need to work together. You can have billions of Durable Objects, providing isolation between application tenants.

> For more information, check out:
> 
> - [API Documentation](/durable-objects/api/namespace/#getbyname)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more, visit the Durable Objects [API Documentation](/durable-objects/api/namespace/#getbyname) or the [getting started guide](/durable-objects/get-started/).
```
